add warning message for otel-provider (#11201)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/observability/logs/otel-provider/index.md

test: yes
---

{{< warning >}}

> Use of the OpenTelemetry provider is avialiable in v1.13.3 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenTelemetry provider is available in Istio v1.13.3 or later.
```

Author: updated

> The OpenTelemetry provider is available in Istio `v1.13.3` or later.

Reviewer 2: On other parts the page and in the title, we say collector. Should this be the same?

Author: `OpenTelemetry provider` is a extension provider type in Istio.
